hey everyone I finished this alien I'll
show you a real quick
I'm really excited about this mainly
because of the jacket this alien is
super happy because he just got his
brand-new designer jacket and what
better jacket is a jacket that glows in
the dark so he's he's ready to go out
you know and meet all the other long
naked aliens so he's happy when I
started doing this filming I didn't
realize I wasn't recording and I I
missed the recording of the part where I
did the eyes you're not missing much I
just I don't know if he goes like the
setting of three or four on the pasta
machine I rolled out some black and cut
to equal shapes and just put them on
there pretty even and pressed them on
right now I'm just doing some details
some wrinkles I had a lot of fun making
this alien he's super cool and I
actually got um the jacket on camera how
I made it so I wanted to show you how I
made this thing glow in the dark
notice how the eyebrows are now part of
the creature we're all as I did was roll
out those little logs and filled it in
on the backside and kind of blended it
in on the front this clay is really
really awesome when it comes to doing
details definitely like it
okay to make the jacket I started with a
white slab and I made the shape basic
shape of the jacket and then that layer
I just put on top of that is a very thin
thin slice of glow-in-the-dark I run it
through the pasta machine on setting one
and I just pressed it too and you get
the bubbles out the best you can turn it
over because that's the liner of the
jacket and then just do the details you
want on the outside of the jacket which
is the gold that I'm putting on now and
I didn't film the whole part putting on
all the gold but you get the idea you
just pressed it to and work out any
little bubbles and stuff and it's it's
cool I mean I made some designer clothes
for this alien it's awesome
and it glows in the dark like I'm like I
said up I want to try to use that for
everything I could put it somewhere the
glow-in-the-dark paint
I got it dries clear so I can actually
put it on the eyes if I want but he's
already done he still act super shiny
and I think I'm gonna go ahead and put
them on my Etsy shop by the way I have
an Etsy shop going now
in case some of y'all might not have
heard it's you could see the link it's
in my channel this guy will be there for
something I don't know I'll be sure to
list them I sure hope you all enjoyed
this huh I really appreciate you all for
watching this I really enjoyed making
this alien for y'all and just stay tuned
and won't be long and I'll have
something else coming your way
thanks again you're all awesome